I'm really glad we got those last group photos in.
Yeah, the photographer was nice.
I hope you don't get into trouble,
I know that it's a little later than I expected, and
I could've had Nanny drive me back
No, it's no problem.
I'm happy to.
How're you feelin'?
Fine.
You don't look fine.
Shut up, okay?
I'm just messing with you.
Don't be nervous, okay?
I know prom is a big night, so
just have fun, don't think about it too much.
In a few years, you'll barely remember the whole thing.
Like me.
But I want to remember tonight.
That's good.
Hey,
I put something in your chest pocket.
I'm just saying,
I know how you kids are these days, okay?
I'm just tryna help!
Look,
stop tryna be a parent, okay?
That's what mom and dad are for.
It's there if you need it, okay?
Trust me on this.
Just be confident.
Alright,
we're here.
Thanks so much
for everything tonight.
Oh,
yeah.
Of course.
Lemme just,
do this outside.
Well, I
hope you had fun tonight.
I did.
Um, I really did. Thank you.
Yeah.
So, I
I guess I'll see you Monday?
Yeah.
Oh, here's your jacket back.
Yeah...
Thank you.
Sure.
"It's there if you need it, okay?"
Trust me on this,
just be confident.
[music plays]
What are you doing?
What did you think of the music tonight?
What?
Did you like the music that was playing at the dance tonight?
Yeah, I guess. It was
fun.
Yeah,
it was.
Well, it was alright.
But, um,
the DJ was missing something.
And what was that?
A slow song.
Would you
like to dance with me?
[music plays]
You know, I was
waiting the whole night for them to play something we could slow dance to, but
nothing ever came on,
and now we're just outside your house—
Stop talking.
I wouldn't have it any other way.
[music plays]